 Hello peachies, welcome  back to dear peachie! In our video today, we are going  to show you a quick tutorial for this douyin dolly soft glam look. This beauty guru here named Xiao Ta, and she has gained more than 200 thousands  followers on her xiao hong shu, If you love to try douyin makeup  but do not know how to start? This look is perfect for you to begin! First, Ta is going to prep her  skin before applying her base. She is moisturising the dry patches on  her face using the serum balm stick, Such as the sides of nose, mouth corners and under  eye to avoid your base from creasing later. If you face the same issue, you can  apply any lightweight moisturiser that you have on those dry patches  Let the moisturiser set for around 15 minutes before you apply any makeup, so that  the moisturizer gets absorbed by the skin Once the skincare is set into  your skin, layer a thin coat of foundation to even out your skin tone. Pat them out with a cushion sponge. Matte highlighter is dabbed at the inner cheeks  to brighten the center region of her face. You can also use a lighter shade  of concealer to do so. Then, put on some setting powder  to achieve that natural look. For brows, Ta is filling them  in with brow powder. She mentions that she prefer the light and  fuzzy looking brows today, nothing too angular, just follow your natural brow shape will do. Next, she contours her nose from the nose roots towards the nose bridge, And she fills in a V shape at her nose tip with a light hand, Add a little bit of contour at the lower lip and philtrum to deepen their shadow,  it can make your lips look more pouty! If you’re going for a cute look, you do not  need to apply contour to your jaws, The chiselled jaw might actually  make your makeup look sexier, instead of making it appear more dolly! Contour to bring your cheekbones inwards, so your face shape will look less  angular to match with this look. And add a little bit below your chin to make  your face look shorter and younger. For eyes and blush, Ta is going to use a  warm pink shade blusher from a China brand, called Girl cult in the shade Fuwa. She said just a light touch all over your lid is enough, emphasise more on  the lower lid and aygeosahl. For blush, apply the same blush at the same region  where you apply the matte highlighter. Apply some at the nose tip and chin.  Eyelashes is a must to enhance your eye shape, besides curling them, Ta is putting on the individual falsies to accentuate her actual lashes.  Fill in the blank spots at your inner lash line with a liquid liner.  Extend a winged liner from your outer corner.  With an aygeosahl liner, Ta is going over to her contour again to deepen  the shadow at the centre of her pupil. Add more at the lower lash line to  make your eyes look rounder. Highlight the center of your  aygeosahl and inner corner. Apply a light pink lip shine  for that glossy lip look. Lastly, she dabs the shimmery highlighter  at the tip of her nose and nose bridge, and inner corner. And the look is done! A very refreshing, cute and dolly makeup  look that is perfect for any occasion! We just love how girly and  adorable she looks here. What do you guys think? Comment down below to let us know! Thank you so much for watching, we  will see you in the next video. Good bye!